docs: adapt management API walk through to DSP 2025-01 (#2301)
eclipse-tractusx/tractusx-edc: docs/usage/management-api-walkthrough/05_contractnegotiations.md

  ]
}
```

> **NOTE:** It is important to always verify if all json-ld prefixed fields in the request can be resolved to a known JSON-LD vocabulary.

Author: ok, i'll adapt!

section which refers to an existing published context definition.

> - `counterPartyAddress` sets the coordinates for the connector that the Consumer-EDC shall negotiate with (Provider EDC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `counterPartyAddress` sets the coordinates for the connector that the Consumer-Connector shall negotiate with (i.e., the Provider Connector). Note, that the address is dependent on the DSP version used and the implementation of the DSP protocol used on Provider side.
```
